Fast-follow for latest version (#5033)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/project-configs/query-comment.md

| Context Variable | Description |
| ---------------- | ----------- |

> | dbt_version      | The version of dbt being used. For details about release versioning, refer to [Versioning](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/dbt_version#versioning). |

Author: ```suggestion
| dbt_version      | The version of dbt being used. For details about release versioning, refer to [Versioning](/reference/commands/version#versioning). |
```
